valide slots when coming back from unhappy paths (#7764)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/7764.bugfix.md

> Fixes a bug where the next slot asked was not consistent when returning to a form from an unhappy path

Reviewer: Added the link to our forms documentation so users can jump deeper into the documentation in case they got curious after reading the changelog 
```suggestion
Fixes a bug in [forms](forms.mdx) where the next slot asked was not consistent after returning to a form from an unhappy path.
```
